This txt file is intended to show you an example of the format the secondary script expects you to be providing content, as well as example output.

INPUT:
Demographic targets: Based on the analytics from Nicole's DSPs, her core demographic is comprised of individuals between the ages of 16-24. This audience skews heavily female, with 65% female-identifying individuals compared to 35% male-identifying individuals – From a study of her social media channels, it is clear that while many males follow her on Instagram and YouTube, her most engaged fans are overwhelmingly females.  
Her secondary demographic targets include fans between 25-35 (50% females / 50% males) and 13-15 year old females.
Gen Z will be the main audience of interest for this project; members of this target demographic are highly digital, and hence more likely to consume contents and interact with Nicole’s releases. This means that they have the most important impact on enticing the algorithm to push new works and allow them to reach larger subsets of compatible audience members. Millennials will nonetheless be a secondary focus, as Nicole already has traction with them, as evidenced by the graph above. They are furthermore the second most engaged audience where digital communication is concerned, which means that Nicole and her team will still very much court them to secure validation and increase their consumption and following. 
Geographic targets: Nicole is primarily targeting fans from Canada and the US, her main base of operation; beyond these markets of proximity that she will be able to tour immediately, her goal is to develop her audience in Southeast Asia, specifically in Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines. These markets will be leveraged to achieve a more explosive global growth in the future and will help her to increase the profitability of her live activity, once conditions for international touring improve.  
Expansion targets: With these targets in mind, Nicole is transitioning her material to a more indie-pop, soft leaning sound, in order to appeal to her Southeast Asian audience. Spotify’s algorithm is interested in promoting slower songs to her target audience in these markets, which has been a challenge with her previous material because of a higher than average BPM compared to her local competitors. Since most of the Nicole’s discoveries in Southeast Asia have so far been sourced through Spotify’s song radios, or discover weekly/daily playlists, it is important for her to align more closely with the algorithm’s preferences. This thoughtfully chosen new artistic direction will allow her to efficiently grow her audience in these expansion territories without the need for aggressively large dedicated promotion budgets.  
Conversion targets: Nicole initially built her early brand fanbase on YouTube by sharing covers, with a positioning that differs from her original material. Consequently, while some of her fans have been converted from YouTube and successfully redirected toward her original music, there is still room to grow her audience by appealing to her remaining YouTube-only fans. The expansion strategy outlined above will help with this objective, as Nicole's previous cover material tended to be on the more lofi indie-pop, soft-leaning side. This new direction for her songwriting, coupled with a rollout that emphasizes video content series alternating between originals and covers, will help her to convince more of her existing YouTube audience to support her on DSPs and in person. 
Ultimately, Nicole's priorities are twofold: to convert a larger share of her YouTube audience to fans of her original music on DSPs, and to grow her audience in North America and internationally (with a focus on Southeast Asia). Playlisting and the work of her PR team will play a central role in achieving these goals and allowing her to develop future touring opportunities. 


OUTPUT:
Demographic targets: Based on the analytics from Nicole's DSPs, her core demographic is comprised of individuals between the ages of 16-24. This audience skews heavily female, with 65% female-identifying individuals compared to 35% male-identifying individuals – From a study of her social media channels, it is clear that while many males follow her on Instagram and YouTube, her most engaged fans are overwhelmingly females.  \nHer secondary demographic targets include fans between 25-35 (50% females / 50% males) and 13-15 year old females.\nGen Z will be the main audience of interest for this project; members of this target demographic are highly digital, and hence more likely to consume contents and interact with Nicole’s releases. This means that they have the most important impact on enticing the algorithm to push new works and allow them to reach larger subsets of compatible audience members. Millennials will nonetheless be a secondary focus, as Nicole already has traction with them, as evidenced by the graph above. They are furthermore the second most engaged audience where digital communication is concerned, which means that Nicole and her team will still very much court them to secure validation and increase their consumption and following. \nGeographic targets: Nicole is primarily targeting fans from Canada and the US, her main base of operation; beyond these markets of proximity that she will be able to tour immediately, her goal is to develop her audience in Southeast Asia, specifically in Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines. These markets will be leveraged to achieve a more explosive global growth in the future and will help her to increase the profitability of her live activity, once conditions for international touring improve.  \nExpansion targets: With these targets in mind, Nicole is transitioning her material to a more indie-pop, soft leaning sound, in order to appeal to her Southeast Asian audience. Spotify’s algorithm is interested in promoting slower songs to her target audience in these markets, which has been a challenge with her previous material because of a higher than average BPM compared to her local competitors. Since most of the Nicole’s discoveries in Southeast Asia have so far been sourced through Spotify’s song radios, or discover weekly/daily playlists, it is important for her to align more closely with the algorithm’s preferences. This thoughtfully chosen new artistic direction will allow her to efficiently grow her audience in these expansion territories without the need for aggressively large dedicated promotion budgets.  \nConversion targets: Nicole initially built her early brand fanbase on YouTube by sharing covers, with a positioning that differs from her original material. Consequently, while some of her fans have been converted from YouTube and successfully redirected toward her original music, there is still room to grow her audience by appealing to her remaining YouTube-only fans. The expansion strategy outlined above will help with this objective, as Nicole's previous cover material tended to be on the more lofi indie-pop, soft-leaning side. This new direction for her songwriting, coupled with a rollout that emphasizes video content series alternating between originals and covers, will help her to convince more of her existing YouTube audience to support her on DSPs and in person. \nUltimately, Nicole's priorities are twofold: to convert a larger share of her YouTube audience to fans of her original music on DSPs, and to grow her audience in North America and internationally (with a focus on Southeast Asia). Playlisting and the work of her PR team will play a central role in achieving these goals and allowing her to develop future touring opportunities.